[cmake] Enable accepting external stablehlo project (#3927)
llvm/torch-mlir: CMakeLists.txt

function(torch_mlir_target_includes target)
  set(_dirs

>     $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${MLIR_INCLUDE_DIRS}>

Author: Using `MLIR_INCLUDE_DIRS`  creates an issue where `CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR` is added to include directories of target, leading to error as mentioned here https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76516562/cmake-why-interface-include-directories-can-be-populated-behind-my-back

One can confirm this by getting `INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES` target property of any target in Torch-MLIR.
This somehow created issue only when torch_mlir project is nested in some other project.

Change made here is really NFC since `MLIR_INCLUDE_DIRS ` contains both `MLIR_INCLUDE_DIR ` and `MLIR_GENERATED_INCLUDE_DIR ` but this does resolve source directory being added to include dir issue.

Reviewer: Not following in depth here but this should be fine if the build passes.

# Getting this wrong results in building large parts of the stablehlo
# project that we don't actually depend on. Further some of those parts
# do not even compile on all platforms.
# Only configure StableHLO if it isn't provided from a top-level project
if (TORCH_MLIR_ENABLE_STABLEHLO AND NOT TORCH_MLIR_USE_EXTERNAL_STABLEHLO)

>     set(STABLEHLO_BUILD_EMBEDDED ON)
>     set(STABLEHLO_ENABLE_BINDINGS_PYTHON ON)
>     add_subdirectory(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/externals/stablehlo
>       ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/stablehlo
>       EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)
>     include_directories(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/externals/stablehlo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  set(STABLEHLO_BUILD_EMBEDDED ON)
  set(STABLEHLO_ENABLE_BINDINGS_PYTHON ON)
  add_subdirectory(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/externals/stablehlo
    ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/stablehlo
    EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL)
  include_directories(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/externals/stablehlo)
```
To keep it consistent the indent should be as before thus effectively only changing the if condition.

Author: Done. Thanks for pointing it out.

# project that we don't actually depend on. Further some of those parts
# do not even compile on all platforms.
if (TORCH_MLIR_ENABLE_STABLEHLO)
  if (NOT "${TORCH_MLIR_EXTERNAL_STABLEHLO_DIR}" STREQUAL "")
    # Only include directories. It is assumed that stablehlo targets are made available by external project.

>     include_directories(${TORCH_MLIR_EXTERNAL_STABLEHLO_DIR})

Reviewer: I would have assumed that the external project also makes the includes available.

Author: Yes, this is fair assumption.

>   if (NOT "${TORCH_MLIR_EXTERNAL_STABLEHLO_DIR}" STREQUAL "")
>     # Only include directories. It is assumed that stablehlo targets are made available by external project.
>     include_directories(${TORCH_MLIR_EXTERNAL_STABLEHLO_DIR})
>   else()

Reviewer: Actually
```suggestion
  # Only configure StableHLO if it isn't provided from a top-level project
  if ("${TORCH_MLIR_EXTERNAL_STABLEHLO_DIR}" STREQUAL "")
```
should be sufficient. In that case I would probably replace the string with a boolean as it seems that the string isn't used elsewhere.

Depending on how the super project is set up (and pulls in torch-mlir and stablehlo) we could consider to add a `TORCH_BUILD_EMBEDDED` option, as some parts in the current out-of tree build config might be in responsibility of the super project as well.

Author: I have made suggested changes and added a boolean variable `TORCH_MLIR_USE_EXTERNAL_STABLEHLO`, set to OFF by default. As far as I can see, when `TORCH_MLIR_OUT_OF_TREE_BUILD` is enabled, MLIR package is searched by top level cmake.  Top level project can take care of this by passing `MLIR_DIR` and `LLVM_DIR` make options.
